hey people what's up with you trying
today it's about this beautiful
Battery alkaline batteries so double
Worker and these usually cost
Not much because you only have them once
can discharge and not recharge
but now there are different ones
devices say that for example here
april will be for ordinary alkali
Batteries and the promise that one
that's just his exaggerated
can charge
but now you have to know that is
namely for such chargers
usually other batteries exist
namely batteries that you just put
here in such a device pure and then has
the whole thing after hours again
charged
the problem is only superficial
these batteries are all made out of one
created completely different material and
also with a very different
charged voltage
as these alkaline batteries are these
Of course, often cheaper
that's why they are cheaper too
produces and have the energy you
they can deliver once
then a chemical process is going on in the
Battery off and then you can in
which usually does not stop recognizing
Of course you can if the battery
not completely empty you can put them in
a charger and then three four five
do not refresh something completely
charge but refresh something that is
quite possible you can also
just poke it in your pocket or
in a warm place then invite yourself
partly due to this heat energy
A little further on, however
the problem is if you have one now
normal battery al khali volturi in
this battery is the battery
Charger hat he has the problem
that in this with DC
that means that it will work
charged with the voltage built up
the device recognizes of course, ok rich
battery in it can not
distinguish whether that is a battery or
Not
and just let's say the tension
since a battery is at some point
the maximum reaches then says
easy
He simply notices the battery by saying that
there is no energy flowing through it
that the battery is full and that happens
in these alkaline batteries not the
they do not have that kind of stuff
completely different material and where
At some point, a foam comes out
a fluid that one knows yes if
We've seen each other like one
battery in outlook as the leaked out
and in principle, they are all this
get here
and that's why it's very important
Of course, he can do that for a short time
cleaning and a bit recharge it
but it does not make sense what they are
not created for that and so beautiful
also because it could be easy
and could say just popping here
the community so easy it is
unfortunately not as I said if you the one
wanted to recharge the life
If you want to extend it then do it
not quite ready for a few
minutes sitting next to it and take care that
nothing happened to me that started
Smoke or something to take out immediately
or just put a trouser pocket
or on top of it to call in the warm
of course not here too
getting hot is clear
but otherwise it is relatively dangerous
if you are here on such but well
promises ordinary batteries
recharge pure field and its easy
reinsteckt you see it, too on the
customer reviews two people is that
Whole device broke because not
then they fall in front of your eyes
Keep that whole already meaningful
maybe you already have them all
other experience with batteries
how to go back a bit
can charge
or you just use normal batteries
It is worthwhile for a longer time mostly
rather more one writes in the comments
and I would like to know what
Everyone knows so many tricks in the euro
Do not you charge batteries ?
mostly in the pants pocket
or send them for a very short time
but always a charger just always
otherwise watch out with his battery
Doing the whole thing that was it for today
acute brigadier there is also that
srh alkali must be how can you
namely a little recharge and
That's it for today until the next one
matches